---
title: Home
navigation: false
layout: page
main:
  fluid: false
---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

::block-hero
---
cta:
  - Get started
  - /introduction/getting-started
secondary:
  - Open on GitHub →
  - https://github.com/markus-gx/nuxt-cookie-first
---

#title
Nuxt CookieFirst: Consent Simplified

#description
Effortlessly integrate [CookieFirst's](https://cookiefirst.com/) GDPR and CCPA cookie consent into your Nuxt Application, ensuring compliance with a user and developer friendly touch.

#extra
  ::list
  - GDPR and CCPA compliant cookie management
  - User-friendly cookie consent banner with customizable design
  - Supports multilingual applications
  - Cookie Policy and list rendering component
  - Fully Typed
  - Composable "Sugar" for Developer Experience.
  ::

#support
::

::card-grid
#title
What's included

#root
:ellipsis{left=0px width=40rem top=10rem blur=140px}

#default
  ::card{icon=noto:books}
  #title
  Seamless Integration
  #description
  With just a few lines of code, Nuxt Cookie First slots perfectly into your Nuxt.js project, binding sophisticated consent management with your application's workflow.
  ::

  ::card{icon=noto:1st-place-medal}
  #title
  Developer Friendly
  #description
  Fully typed and equipped with comprehensive reactive properties and methods, our module is built for developers by developers, promising a hassle-free coding experience.
  ::

  ::card{icon=noto:puzzle-piece}
  #title
  Component-Driven Architecture
  #description
  Dive into our ready-to-use components for policy rendering and cookie tables, making it simpler to maintain compliance and transparency with your users.
  ::

  ::card{icon=noto:check-mark-button}
  #title
  Accessibility-Conscious
  #description
  Enhance usability for all users with accessible design options, including the ability to reset tabindex on the consent banner, ensuring an inclusive web experience that's navigable and compliant.
  ::

  ::card{icon=noto:white-flag}
  #title
  Compliance Made Easy
  #description
  Navigate the complexities of GDPR and CCPA with ease; Nuxt Cookie First handles the intricacies of consent, so you can focus on what you do best – creating exceptional web experiences.
  ::

  ::card{icon=noto:bullseye}
  #title
  User Centric Consent Experience
  #description
  Customize a consent banner that resonates with your users, providing a transparent and straightforward consent process without compromising on design and user flow.
  ::
::
